update docs according Busola UI (#12174)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/security/sec-03-access-kyma.md

3. After successful authentication, the provider issues a JWT token for you. The token is stored in the browser session so it can be used for further interactions.
4. Kyma Dashboard queries the API server to retrieve all resources available in the cluster.
5. Kyma Dashboard shows the cluster content for you to interact with.

## Kubernetes-native CLI (kubectl)

To access and manage your resources, you need a config file, called 'kubeconfig', required for authentication. 

> You can obtain the 'kubeconfig' file directly from your cloud provider. It allows you to access the Kubernetes API server, usually as the admin user. Kyma does not manage this config file in any way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the 'kubeconfig' file directly from your Kubernetes Service Provider. It allows you to access the Kubernetes API server, usually as the admin user. Kyma does not manage this config file in any way.
```

> To access and manage your resources, you need a config file, called 'kubeconfig', required for authentication. 
> You can obtain the 'kubeconfig' file directly from your Kubernetes Service Provider. It allows you to access the Kubernetes API server, usually as the admin user. Kyma does not manage this config file in any way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access and manage your resources, you need a `kubeconfig` file required for authentication. 
You can obtain the `kubeconfig` file directly from your Kubernetes Service Provider. It allows you to access the Kubernetes API server, usually as the admin user. Kyma does not manage this config file in any way.
```
